[MI-2698]: Review fixes done of PR #904 (#33)
Brightscout/mattermost-plugin-jira: docs/administrator-guide/notification-management.md

3. Write the name of the subscription in the **Subscription Name** field.
4. Select the project name to which you want to subscribe.
5. Select the events and issue types for which you want to receive the notifications in the Mattermost channel.

> 6. To be more specific, you can add filters as well. You can either include or exclude the particular filter by adding its type or name. For now, we have 10 types of filters including some custom fields as well :

Reviewer: If the number is not fixed there is no need to explicitly write it
```suggestion
6. To be more specific, you can add filters as well. You can either include or exclude the particular filter by adding its type or name. We have many types of filters including some custom fields as well :
```
